today we've got something interesting
espresso sponsored this video so we
could take a look at the new espresso 17
Pro and this thing supposedly does it
all it's portable it's a touchcreen and
most importantly to me it's 4K at just
17.3 in meaning you're going to get a
whopping
259 PPI absolutely wild pixel density
inspired by creatives fine-tuned for
professionals designed for people like
you like me ah oh it's huge wow you know
you hear 17.3 in and you don't think
it's that big until you're like holding
it in your hand this is definitely like
a giant tablet they've also included
this little handy dandy cloth which is
great cuz it's already got a bunch of
fingerprints on
it what else do we get in the Box though
that's what I want to know let's get
this to the side this is a you know it's
a nice like double layer cardboard too
corrugated so this is going to be pretty
well packed even though it's just a
small box uh I also love the purple I'm
just a sucker for like purple blue
orange uh comes with a handy dandy
little purple cable as well USB C to C
not super long this is probably like a
3ft cable anything a little like 5T even
would be nice just so you've got that
little bit of extra length there for
plugging it in what else do we got
what's in the box see more create more
be more anywhere cuz it's portable drawn
on espresso so they did did this artwork
on the espresso which is really cool I
love it when people actually use their
own products um that looks like it's
basically everything you get in the Box
just a cable and a cleaning cloth but
they've included a bunch of other stuff
for us because not only can you buy this
by itself but you can buy it in a bundle
or you can buy these products separately
they've got their espresso pen Unleash
Your creativity and the power of your
espresso display unleash it I say I'm
going to unleash this pen right now I
tell you what there we go oh that made
it such a
satisfying that's great I don't use a
lot of pens or stylus so I not you know
going to be the best in terms of uh
telling you how good this pen is but
we're going to have a special guest
later come down and help me out who does
use this stuff all the time it's got a
button it's got not another button and a
little USBC charger right at the end
there key features sketch draw and left
rightclick transition through a range of
creative applications like sketch and
Adobe CC apps navigate pan and create
through whiteboard collaboration tools
like Meo figma and concept board they've
also got this espresso display stand and
like it's a tiny box but this thing is
actually really heavy it's got to be at
least a pound or
two I love how small this packs up
because like it's a really small display
so you don't want whatever stand you're
going to be bringing if you're going to
move any of this stuff anywhere uh you
don't want the stand to be huge and
chunky so this is actually really
refreshing if someone who's had to move
around a lot of monitors on big giant
stands this is wild I wish everything
could just pack down into this tiny
little package here it's very
strong oh I love the purple accents
again that's great it's got a neat
little trick for kickstand mode so that
instead of you know oh well here let's
try to put this on is it just
magnetic o that's real nice that
actually worked really well and you know
what it's holding it you've definitely
got to make some adjustments beforehand
it's okay like at the certain angle then
like this is just going to tip over from
a slight push I would love to see a bit
more support to make it so that it
doesn't just tip over if I want to put
it at kind of a weird angle and then if
you do want to use it more for drawing
at like a reasonable angle you just kind
of pop it down here put it on the
kickstand that goes into place there and
then pop it on now you're get to go
where' the pen go oh I wanted to do
the that's such a good
sound look at that I'm drawing already
I'm so good at drawing uh I'm not but
you know I oh that's a it's a good
satisfying click I like the pen they've
also got so that you can keep your
screen nice and safe a big screen
protector guide stickers lift stickers
they've got it all so you're not going
to screw this up it doesn't feel like
paper oh I guess it's still got a film
on it all right
sure
like uh we're not going to throw the
screen protector on but one thing to
note is that it supposedly feels like
paper Okay I I can't say it feels like
paper without at least peeling a little
bit off and trying to they sent us two
so I can open
one okay I don't know if I go so far as
to say it feels like paper but like it's
definitely a different kind of it's not
like a slippery plastic like the out
like the outer film is we've also got
their new K1 17 it's more of a screen
cover than a case but you know it'll
definitely keep things a little extra
protected when you slide this thing into
your bag
actually fits in the laptop sleeve like
a
glove LTT store.com that's actually
really good 17 in doesn't seem like a
lot until you remember that like a lot
of work laptops are more like 14 in 13
in 15 in 16 in maybe even 17 in it is
pretty thin like you saw it in the
backpack no problem but how heavy is it
actually it's only 2.4 lb that's not too
bad and then what about this stand this
is it's actually probably pretty close 3
lb no it's only two wow it's lighter
probably just cuz it's so like dense and
compact it feels heavier in your hand
cuz it's not like spread out so much but
uh that's only like 4 lbs of travel
weight a little over that's not bad as
for the iio and what you can connect to
it we've got two USBC ports right here
which is great always love to see plenty
of USBC and that's absolutely it we've
just got what looked to be a couple of
little vents up here for I'm guessing
thermals otherwise I actually like how
Sleek it is there's very little branding
it just says espresso in the bottom uh
right corner right here and otherwise
just
black very Sleek let's see how good the
screen is though let's turn this thing
on it just turned on Apple device
detected it no problem look at that wow
you know this thing seems pretty cool
but one thing that's driving me nuts is
I absolutely hate trackpads
and MacBooks don't have a touchscreen
this thing is a touchscreen so let me
actually use
it oh my god it
works D I mean it looks pretty good it's
not HDR but it's got 98% of DCI P3 cover
they also rated at 450 nits and we
measured 475 roughly so you get a little
bit more bank for your buck it's got
four picture modes work create game and
night and we found work to be the best
the most color accurate it's okay not
crazy outstanding but good enough for
most creators at least in my opinion if
you want some more in-depth results then
we'll have them on screen here there's
color accuracy and color gamut testing
that we did it's not bad the only kind
of drawback for going portable like this
this and not being OLED is that you're
not going to get any dimming zones and
so this is just about a th000 to1
contrast ratio which is very typical of
ips it still looks pretty good though as
much as I love HDR SDR can still look
decent one thing to note is that it
doesn't come with its own color
management software out of the box we
had to create our own ICC profile but
once we did it actually drastically
improved our color accuracy and we're
going to have that ICC profile linked
below so if you do buy it you know put
it on yourself see if it helps things
one thing to note is that this actually
does have speakers on it which is always
a plus at least in my opinion they're
not the loudest and there's really no
base you can hear it for
[Music]
yourself but it's not
awful and I think that
speakers are better than no speakers
personally check this out you can just
magnet snap the pen to the top which is
always really nice uh they've got two
key pieces of software flow and jot flow
was actually really cool it's got a
bunch of Windows snapping stuff so like
we can
just move that around to wherever we
want that's great and then uh jot is
this software here it's their drawing
stuff that you can use to Just note down
those are squiggles you know I'm a big
artist it's actually pretty easy to use
like I'm at a really bad angle right now
you know don't take this as a good
example of how easy it is to use this
thing it's actually pretty easy just you
know put it in front of you like an
actual display that you're going to use
the other cool thing is that uh flow the
magnetic snapping stuff is actually just
an app that you can download so if you
get any other say you don't want this
monitor for whatever reason um but you
have something else you can get their
software and install it so you can keep
that snapping uh feature that you so
sorely desired another pretty cool
feature about the pen and jot is that
you can use the back of it to take these
little screenshots here screenshot Bell
look put it right into jot and then
we'll just uh put a big like X on his
forehead I mean that's a terrible
example but like Circle his head I'm not
an artist at all um so that's what he's
getting he's getting stickman on top of
himself but when it comes to using
software like this I'm really not an
apple daily driver and I'm not a graphic
designer and I don't use pens or
anything like that so let's get someone
who actually does know this stuff a bit
better to come and take a look at it so
I brought Mar our graphic designer who
does all of our great thumbnails and the
pictures for our merch photos y like
this one of Riley and she actually uses
Apple products and pens and drawing
tablets and stuff so please make Riley
even more beautiful okay than he already
is let's try Photoshop what's the size
difference between This and like an iPad
or whatever you're normally drawing on
oh this is way bigger than an than an
iPad yeah would you prefer that
bigger screen yes okay it's probably not
going to be perfect but it'll be close
enough
okay that's close enough yeah just
disappears wow okay let's try it
again okay the paper kind of feeling
feels better feels better because it's
not very slippery now yeah so that's
good as well if I apply more pressure
it's like the line sticker the line
sticker so that's good it's like you're
actually using a marker or a paintbrush
mhm but it's not again when I try to
draw something with like Precision is
not what 100% precise so uh that's the
thing that I'm like I wish it was a
little better I mean the iPad it's just
like a big phone let's say yeah so it's
not and here we have just an extension
of this computer yeah if I have this too
it will be better if I just have like
the iPad which is just another product
which I don't even need because I
already have a computer again like right
so with this instead you could just get
a whole new monitor that's portable
exactly huge cuz it's like almost it's
17 in and then it does have touch which
Apple doesn't natively have on IMAX or
Mac Pro MacBook Pro and then for anyone
who's not necessarily trying to draw
final artwork for something that's a bit
more demanding you know I could use this
thing to take notes no problem he looks
like he's having even more fun though in
his like
weird plant almost underwater kind of
Vibes those looks like seaweeds and then
yeah the blues I don't I'm kind of I I
want to try sorry I keep pinching yeah
pinching like if I had an iPad
yeah maybe it's just a matter of like
getting used to it
yeah it comes with a stand bundled for
$8.99 normally but right now it's on
sale for only $7.99 800 bucks plus if
you want an even bigger discount we're
going to have a link down below and you
can use code circuit 10 to get 10% off
your purchase so there you have it the
espresso 17 Pro portable display with
jot and flow whether you're a creative
who wants an extra high PPI touchscreen
for drawing and taking notes someone
looking to add a second monitor to their
laptop for dual displays during virtual
meetings or you just need a quality
portable screen and stand that doesn't
cost an arm and a leg it's definitely
worth checking out and I almost forgot
about how easy it is to put it into
portrait mode got to love auto rotation
think that I think that it's taken some
practice but these lines do look better
already uh compared to what it started
with yeah for example when I did like
this like lines over here because they
were a little bit more straight kind of
thing it helps me like having that
straight line there so it looks smooth
right different from for example the
leaves here right um right so more
natural things might be a little harder
but if you're trying to do like hard
Edge patterns and stuff like that it
actually works pretty well exactly yeah
cool yeah I guess
Riley looks better now he
does he should get these patterns on
that shirt that look great the dad hat
should come with this yellow squiggle
I'm very uh in favor of that and um you
know if you want to watch other videos
there's a bunch of
them I don't know what video should I th
do subscribe
yeah that's good okay we're done then
sure